our coverage of CES 2018 is brought to
you by fresh books the cloud-based
accounting solution for small businesses
and freelancers you can check them out
at fresh books comm slash Lynas CES so
we're coming to you from the msi suite
where they've got is it a booth I don't
know what this is it doesn't matter the
point is there's some cool stuff in here
first and foremost they've got a new
version of their Trident gaming desktop
that is a lot heavier than the old one
I'm gonna drop it is he not going to
drop it the point is the hardware has
not changed a ton so you're still gonna
get a core i7 processor but this time
it's 8th gen for up to 6 cores and
they've done up to a gtx 1080 graphics
card in this tiny form factor now so all
that weight that is a whole lot of
heatsink cliff you ready big about also
behind me they've got a new monitor so
MSI's been doing monitors for a little
while but they're really getting serious
about it now this is the optics npg 27
CQ 2 1440p 144 hertz freesync gaming
display it's got a VA panel so you get
those nice deep blacks on 3001 contrast
ratio it's got 2 HDMI 2.0 ins and it
DisplayPort 1.2 and most importantly RGB
lighting so MSI has been working with
partners like Corsair SteelSeries and
coolermaster to enable you to
synchronize the RGB lighting on the
monitor with your peripherals or even
with your computer but there's some
special integration with SteelSeries so
using steel series engines gamesense
you can actually use the lights here for
something that's not completely stupid
because I don't think anyone was asking
for RGB lighting around the outside of
what they're trying to focus on no no
but with game sense in supported games
which includes games like counter-strike
minecraft and dota with pub G coming it
allows you to actually configure these
not just in terms of brightness and
color but to reflect things that are
happening in game so you could have your
right side change color according to
your health your left side change
according to your ammo oh and the middle
one could maybe light up with brighter
and brighter colors or it could flash
every time you get a headshot pretty
cool stuff another innovation in this
monitor something that
shocks me that we haven't seen before is
the ability to change on screen menu
items not just with the joystick at the
back but also through a software
application so everything from throwing
a cheater crosshair in the middle of
your monitor to adjusting the brightness
to even changing your input can now be
done through MSI's software so this
one's gonna come at around 400 to 450
bucks with an Nvidia g-sync version
planned in the future though I would
expect that one to cost a couple hundred
dollars more because then the Nvidia
licensing costs one more cool feature is
that with all this lighting stuff you
can actually synchronize across multiple
systems if you're into that sort of
thing or even that cool laptop over
there that actually has the lighting on
the back so this way if you've got a
whole team of people playing you could
like have them all flash red and then
turn off like as they die in stuff
that's cool so thanks again to
FreshBooks for allowing us to be here at
CES 2018 if you guys aren't familiar
with fresh books wow you must not watch
our channel a lot but basically it's a
cloud-based accounting solution for
freelancers and small business owners it
allows you to quickly and easily send
invoices track your expenses track your
hours allows you to do all these things
on the go they've got great iOS and
Android apps and they've got fantastic
24/7 customer service that you talk to a
real person through it's like amazing
there's no phone tree no callbacks no
nothing they just help you out with your
stuff and you can try it out for free at
FreshBooks comm slash linus CES and then
yeah I think that's pretty much it why
not do it so thanks for watching guys if
you dislike this video you can do that
but if you liked it hit like get
subscribe so you don't miss any of our
CES content and you can check out where
to buy the stuff we links no not at all
because the monitors not coming till
later and this has not come until super
later so yeah